What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
During quarantine no one got my humor. I guess it was all the inside jokes.
What did the sink tell the toilet? “You look flushed.”
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
“Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.”
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague. 
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
An invisible man married and invisable women. The kids were nothing to look at.
Without geometry life is pointless.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they’re out of pasta, and we’re penneless.
How do you spell “candy” with just two letters? C and Y.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
Did you hear about the guy who had his left side cut off? He's all right now!
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
When a toddler reaches the "why?" stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
“What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.”
How fast is milk? It’s pasteurized before you know it.
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
What music genre are national anthems? Country.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
Did you heard about the giant that threw up? It's all over town!
When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
One of my friends and I just get together to eat hot dogs and tell the honest truth. It’s a frank relationship.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What does a dad get in their stocking if they’ve been naughty? Char-coal.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
To the person who stole my bed: I won't rest until I find you.
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
I have a scary joke about math, but I'm 2² to say it.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
I gave away all my used batteries today. Free of charge!
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Careful how many corny jokes you tell. Someone may just call the crops!
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What happens when you pinch a grape? It lets out a little whine.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, "It's a moving violation."
I went to a seafood disco last week! Pulled a mussel!
I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. “Which ear is it?” he asked. “2018,” I replied.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
My wife asked why I didn’t buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn’t know she sold flowers.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside.
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
I asked the IT guy, "How do you make a Motherboard?" He said, "I tell her about my job."
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
Did you hear the story about the haunted lift? It really raised my spirits!
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you.
Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time.
I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque.
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah!
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
My wife said I ruined her birthday. I’m not sure how I did that, I didn’t even KNOW it was her birthday!
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful!
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
Me: “Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field.” Son: “So what?” Me: “It’s pasture bedtime.”
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Do you know the most important job of a grill master at a restaurant? To please their steak holders.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
I catered a movie night where they watched titanic. Safe to say the iceberg lettuce wraps didn’t go over well.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me. 
Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me.
I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
MIlk is the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasterized before you even see it!
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack. One said 'You stay here, i'll go on a head'.
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy.
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun.
What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. "I never knew my real ladder.”
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
My sister-in-law is an archaeologist. Only person I’ve known that is excited to find a bone in her chicken.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts!
Can February March? No, but April May!
“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you're happy now.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
I just found out that Albert Einstein was a real person! All this time I thought he was a theoretical physicist.
Did you hear the one where Pavlov's dog meets Schroedinger's cat?It rings a bell, but I may or may not know it
I told the doctor that I have a problem with my right ear. He asked, “Are you sure”?I said, “Yes, I’m definite”.
I have a horse. His name is Mayo.Sometimes Mayo neighs
I just finished watching a documentary about Beavers.. It was so dam good
I just spent $600 on a limo rental but forgot to hire a driver All that money and nothing to chauffeur it.
The bartender says, “We don’t serve time travelers in here.” A time traveler walks into a bar.
I asked my daughter, “What’s a Mountain Dew?” She answered, “As far as I know, it just sits there.”
My daughter didn't know how to measure how heavy she was. I said I'll show you the weigh.
I had a finger amputated today. I asked my doctor if I could still write with that hand... He said, "Well, I wouldn't count on it".
two artists had a fight… it ended in a draw
One time I knocked on a Psychic's door and she said "who is it?" so I left
My girlfriend dumped me while going up in an elevator. It hurt me on many levels.
My wife asked me “honey have you seen the dog bowl” I responded with “I didn’t know they could do that”
I Told my wife to embrace her mistakes She gave me a hug
What’s the most reliable part of the human body? Your fingers. You can always count on them.
What does ADHD stand for? Attention Deficit HEY DOUGHNUTS!!!
What do you call James Bond when he forgets to shave? Stubble 0 7
When my wife gets angry, I like to put a cape around her, That makes her SUPER angry!
I ordered a Thesaurus recently, when it arrived all the pages were blank... I have no words to describe my anger.
Why are fungi so hard to argue against? Because there's not mushroom for debate
I am terrified of elevators. So I’m taking steps to avoid them.
What’s the most indecisive dinosaur? The Stay-Go-Saurus
My favorite kind of cheese is the one you keep for emergencies? You know...just in queso
I was never fond of facial hair. Until it grew on me
Why aren't koalas considered bears? Because they don't have the koalafications!
I can hear music coming out of my printer. I think the papers jammin’ again.
I don’t understand why people eat pretzels. They are knot food.
Why was the equal sign so humble? Because it knew it wasn’t less than or greater than anyone else.
A guy goes to the hospital and says doctor help me I’m shrinking The doctor: “now now, you’re just going to have to be a little patient”
Where do superheroes go to buy their clothes? Cape Town.
I asked my wife to sing with me. But she wouldn't duet.
How do two French dudes share files digitally? Pierre to Pierre network
I got into a fight with the captain of the math club. I got fed up with him Boolean me.
I asked the French baker for 20 croissants, buy he only had 19 so he said: Dis-nuff?
I was abducted by aliens. They made me wash my hands, clean my room, and eat my vegetables. Turns out I was on the mothership.
All week, people have been trying to convince me that I'm Swedish. I mean, come on guys. I wasn't Björn yesterday.
How much does a Hipster weigh? An Instagram
I asked the captain of a ship if he always uses MPH to measure speed. He said “more often than knot.”